# Welcome!
The **Scifir Foundation** is a digital foundation focused on developing **open source software** and **open hardware** projects that improve and facilitate the researches and inventions of scientists, they are more focused on personal researches and inventions (that's, researches and inventions done at home, voluntarily, free and usually with an amount of team members not so high) rather than on organizational researches. The goal of Scifir is to facilitate to create an ecosystem of science, similar to the ecosystem of informatics today and of other professional careers, that will allow scientist create their inventions easily, have more partners for science, and enjoy more their career, by having a greater community with which to share their achievements.

The Scifir Foundation has been created by **Ismael Correa Castro**, an industrial civil engineer of **Universidad de Chile** in **2017**. It has started with the necessity of having core technologies for a good amount of science projects which aren't usually available publicly, or, if they are available, they are not widely known. In order to change that situation, Scifir has developed open source software and open hardware projects that allow any scientist around the world and the universe to develop any theory or research he wants without having to develop all those core technologies again. Apart from open source software and open hardware projects, Scifir develops system to document and summary inventions, specifications, and related science tools.

All the projects of Scifir are open, and then any scientist is **allowed to join** and/or to **send bug reports**, as all other open source projects on GitHub. If you want to **get involved**, send a request to scifir.foundation@gmail.com.

At the present, Scifir is working on the **Scifir Collection**, a set of libraries written in C++ that allow to create **physical**, **chemical**, **biological** and **informatical** sofware and firmware. They consist of a library of units, a library of chemistry, a library of biology and a library of geometry. In some months, all those libraries should be published in GitHub, currently a beta version of **scifir-units** is available. The other libraries aren't yet available cause the current goal is to finish scifir-units with all his features first.
